a man who isolates himself seeks his own
a man who isolates himself seeks his own desire he rages against all wise
desire he rages against all wise
desire he rages against all wise judgment a fool has no delight in
judgment a fool has no delight in
judgment a fool has no delight in understanding but in expressing his own
understanding but in expressing his own
understanding but in expressing his own heart when the wicked comes contempt
heart when the wicked comes contempt
heart when the wicked comes contempt comes also and with dishonor comes
comes also and with dishonor comes
comes also and with dishonor comes reproach the words of a man's mouth are
reproach the words of a man's mouth are
reproach the words of a man's mouth are deep waters the wellspring of wisdom is
deep waters the wellspring of wisdom is
deep waters the wellspring of wisdom is a flowing brook it is not good to show
a flowing brook it is not good to show
a flowing brook it is not good to show partiality to the wicked or to overthrow
partiality to the wicked or to overthrow
partiality to the wicked or to overthrow the righteous in judgment
the righteous in judgment
the righteous in judgment the fools lips enter into contention in
the fools lips enter into contention in
the fools lips enter into contention in his mouth cause for blows a fools mouth
his mouth cause for blows a fools mouth
his mouth cause for blows a fools mouth is his destruction and his lips are the
is his destruction and his lips are the
is his destruction and his lips are the snare of his soul the words of the tale
snare of his soul the words of the tale
snare of his soul the words of the tale bearer are like tasty trifles and they
bearer are like tasty trifles and they
bearer are like tasty trifles and they go down into the inmost body he who is
go down into the inmost body he who is
go down into the inmost body he who is slothful in his work is a brother to him
slothful in his work is a brother to him
slothful in his work is a brother to him who is a Great destroyer the name of the
who is a Great destroyer the name of the
who is a Great destroyer the name of the Lord is a strong tower the righteous run
Lord is a strong tower the righteous run
Lord is a strong tower the righteous run to it and are safe the rich man's wealth
to it and are safe the rich man's wealth
to it and are safe the rich man's wealth is his strong City and like a high wall
is his strong City and like a high wall
is his strong City and like a high wall in his own esteem
in his own esteem
in his own esteem before destruction the heart of a man is
before destruction the heart of a man is
before destruction the heart of a man is haughty and before honor is humility
haughty and before honor is humility
haughty and before honor is humility he who answers a matter before he hears
he who answers a matter before he hears
he who answers a matter before he hears it is his folly and shame to him the
it is his folly and shame to him the
it is his folly and shame to him the spirits of a man will sustain him in
spirits of a man will sustain him in
spirits of a man will sustain him in sickness but who can bear a broken
sickness but who can bear a broken
sickness but who can bear a broken spirit the heart of the prudent acquires
spirit the heart of the prudent acquires
spirit the heart of the prudent acquires knowledge and the ear of the wise seeks
knowledge and the ear of the wise seeks
knowledge and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge a man's gift makes room for
knowledge a man's gift makes room for
knowledge a man's gift makes room for him and brings him before great men the
him and brings him before great men the
him and brings him before great men the first one to plead his cause seems right
first one to plead his cause seems right
first one to plead his cause seems right until his neighbor comes and examines
until his neighbor comes and examines
until his neighbor comes and examines him casting Lots causes contentions to
him casting Lots causes contentions to
him casting Lots causes contentions to cease and keeps the mighty apart a
cease and keeps the mighty apart a
cease and keeps the mighty apart a brother offended is harder to win than a
brother offended is harder to win than a
brother offended is harder to win than a strong City and contentions are like the
strong City and contentions are like the
strong City and contentions are like the bars of a castle a man's stomach shall
bars of a castle a man's stomach shall
bars of a castle a man's stomach shall be satisfied from the fruit of his mouth
be satisfied from the fruit of his mouth
be satisfied from the fruit of his mouth from the produce of his lips he shall be
from the produce of his lips he shall be
from the produce of his lips he shall be filled
filled
filled death and life are in the power of the
death and life are in the power of the
death and life are in the power of the tongue and those who love it will eat
tongue and those who love it will eat
tongue and those who love it will eat its fruit he who finds a wife finds a
its fruit he who finds a wife finds a
its fruit he who finds a wife finds a good thing and obtains favor from the
good thing and obtains favor from the
good thing and obtains favor from the Lord
Lord
Lord the poor man uses entreaties but the
the poor man uses entreaties but the
the poor man uses entreaties but the rich answers roughly a man who has
rich answers roughly a man who has
rich answers roughly a man who has friends must himself be friendly but
friends must himself be friendly but
friends must himself be friendly but there is a friend who sticks closer than
there is a friend who sticks closer than
there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother